README.md, before:


# TECHNO CULTURAL FESTIVAL
            BCE, Bakhtiyarpur - 2021

>In terms of our previous interactions with participants across multiple colleges in the locality and around, this ***Environment Day*** ``5th June 2021``, We sparked upon an idea to utilize this influx of participants and the lock-down to our advantage to generate a college hosted ``Techno-Cultural-Fest`` a general kick-start base of which are discussed below.
>### Timing 
``Mid September 2021``



## Table of contents(*under  process*)
| Hostings| description |
|-|-|
|orientation | welcoming freshers, interaction of junior, senior, alumni under one hood |
|basic etiquettes | Discussing the general etiquettes, respecting your fellowmates, seniors, juniors, everyone. Approaching, seeking help the right way, personality development, communication skills, professionalism and more can be added |
|workshop|specific skill-based interactive sessions empowered by microsoft and github that is already present in our campus|
|induction|opportunities especially for 1st year to understand scopes and gateways to possibilities ahead from those already on the path|
|invocation|success and struggle stories to better understand tactics to handle generic issues yet to come|
|hackathon-Case Studies|``as the name says``|
|StartUp Saga|discussing budding frameworks in pearly minds  (basically a hackathon but where ideas would be valued more than the end product itself as in direction of removing the fear of coding skills required for hacakthons)|
|Cultural Tale|``as the name says(includes essays,fiction,fantasies,poetries, music)``|
|Thug Meme battles|;)|
|Digital art and Animation|``as the name says``|
|Women's Tech Road-maps|``as the name says``|
|Hackathon (Social problems) ``advanced``|`` recognizing the problems around us that could be addressed and resolved utilizing hardware, software,algorithms, idea sparks, diplomacy,revolutionary movements``|
|Gaming Events | Having some online multiplayer games to play like ``battle royales`` ``mystery voids`` ``board games`` ``Strategic games`` ``Card games`` ``Trivias`` ``arcade-adventures``and many more... |
|Structural Builds|Being an engineer automatically rhymes with expectations of pre-knowing the basic structural and material strengths ---  so here we are to battle among those who can build stable designs as per supplied constrains and themes(obviously on simulations)|
|Crazy HARDWARE, ELECTRONICS, IOT and MICRO_CONTROLLER STUFFS|Workshop and basic simulator projects to get people started in field of understanding how those jiggly lil electrons behave to form the 21st century as we know|
|Trade -> Investment -> Marketing|A deep thorough look at how market, stocks and crypto(digital currencies) work and how can one safely try their hands on it...also how to make one's own working model clones|
|yet to add parts|``suggestions, please!``|

## Things we would need

 - [ ] Permissions
 - [ ] Support  from college
 - [x] Seniors Support 
 - [x] Platform for comminication (``Discord`` preffered)
 - [x] Finance Sponsorships
 - [x] Platform
 - [x] NameSake Sponsorships
[the source repo](https://github.com/bcedsc/cultFest)

Commit message:

merging submissions from electrical and mechanical branches

README.md, after:

README.md
README.md

# TECHNO CULTURAL FESTIVAL
            BCE, Bakhtiyarpur - 2021

>In terms of our previous interactions with participants across multiple colleges in the locality and around, this ***Environment Day*** ``5th June 2021``, We sparked upon an idea to utilize this influx of participants and the lock-down to our advantage to generate a college hosted ``Techno-Cultural-Fest`` a general kick-start base of which are discussed below.
>### Timing 
``Mid September 2021``



## Table of contents(*under  process*)
| Hostings| description |
|-|-|
|orientation | welcoming freshers, interaction of junior, senior, alumni under one hood |
|basic etiquette | Discussing the general etiquette, respecting your fellow-mates, seniors, juniors, everyone. Approaching, seeking help the right way, personality development, communication skills, professionalism and more can be added |
|workshop|specific skill-based interactive sessions empowered by microsoft and github that is already present in our campus --- ``career en devours and opportunity in Branched engineering perspectives(soft and hard skills)``|
|induction|opportunities especially for 1st year to understand scopes and gateways to possibilities ahead from those already on the path|
|invocation|success and struggle stories to better understand tactics to handle generic issues yet to come|
|hackathon-Case Studies|``as the name says``|
|StartUp Saga|discussing budding frameworks in pearly minds  (basically a hackathon but where ideas would be valued more than the end product itself as in direction of removing the fear of coding skills required for hackathons)|
|Cultural Tale|``as the name says(includes essays,fiction,fantasies,poetries, music) + open mic platforms``|
|Thug Meme battles|;)|
|Digital art and Animation|``as the name says``|
|Women's Tech Road-maps|``as the name says``|
|Hackathon (Social problems) ``advanced``|`` recognizing the problems around us that could be addressed and resolved utilizing hardware, software,algorithms, idea sparks, diplomacy,revolutionary movements``|
|Fiery Quiz Sagas|``branched engineering multiple layered battle rounds``|
|United Debate Opportunities| a well devised way to discuss and come up with information and solutions related to various technical and non technical branched engineering schematics and topics|
|Gaming Events | Having some online multiplayer games to play like ``battle royales`` ``mystery voids`` ``board games`` ``Strategic games`` ``Card games`` ``Trivias`` ``arcade-adventures``and many more... |
|Structural Builds|Being an engineer automatically rhymes with expectations of pre-knowing the basic structural and material strengths ---  so here we are to battle among those who can build stable designs as per supplied constrains and themes(obviously on simulations)|
|Crazy HARDWARE, ELECTRONICS, IOT and MICRO_CONTROLLER STUFFS|Workshop and basic simulator projects to get people started in field of understanding how those jiggly lil electrons behave to form the 21st century as we know [``Hardware buzz and circuit mania rapid fires and competetive rounds``]|
|Trade -> Investment -> Marketing|A deep thorough look at how market, stocks and crypto(digital currencies) work and how can one safely try their hands on it...also how to make one's own working model clones|
|**Avyukt** Leaderboards | the ultimate countdown rush to the final force fields of maximum participation... cuz holding multiple zone is a zone itself --- chances to win exciting *goodies* apart from event participation!!|
|yet to add parts|``suggestions, please!``|

## Things we would need

 - [ ] Permissions
 - [ ] Support  from college
 - [x] Seniors Support 
 - [x] Platform for comminication (``Discord`` preffered)
 - [x] Finance Sponsorships
 - [x] Platform
 - [x] NameSake Sponsorships
[the source repo](https://github.com/bcedsc/cultFest)
Markdown 3854 bytes 527 words 44 lines Ln 32, Col 220HTML 3043 characters 511 words 57 paragraphs
